and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business
growth show delighted to be joined by
tim brown today
tim is a ceo over at hook agency they
help contractors focus their marketing
on their best customers to take action
on their behalf
to help them rank higher on google tim
a warm welcome to the show sir how are
you hey thank you very much for having
me sam how are you doing today
yeah all good on this end my friend and
looking forward to
chatting to a fellow seo professional
all through um we're covering all bases
in terms of how
our listeners how our viewers can turn
their content
into a referral generation machine so
yeah excited to jump in on this topic
because i think it's gonna be massively
useful for everyone that
listens in watches in um so first things
first tim
why why are referrals so important why
should we really be be concerned about
generating so many referrals for for our
business growth
yeah so many small business owners tell
me that referrals are the number one
source of leads and i am
always impressed with the quantity of
referrals some businesses get it's a
it's a great testament to how
awesome their services are and and
the funny thing is though if you ask
them hey what are you doing to increase
referrals they often say nothing and
they'll talk to you all day about
hey we're doing this for our marketing
we're spending a lot of time on social
media we're doing
video we're doing content we're doing
ads
but then what else what else are you
doing
to get more referrals if that's your
number one lead source
why are you not doing more to increase
your referrals
and i think when people hear that
they're like okay okay
i can get on board with that like i've
seen some cool things i've seen like the
note after the job
i've seen you know brownies i've seen
referral um fee like
i've got to give money what do i got to
do what else can i do here
and the funny thing is is
the easiest way to do it is just to take
your current marketing
efforts that you're doing and think
about them
as referral generating efforts i think
that that's a
huge opportunity that a lot of people
aren't doing and
the weird thing i've seen is that if i
just think about all of our marketing
or all of our clients marketing as a
referral increasing
thing then it doesn't have a lot of
negative consequences for the other
thing like
just you know generating cold leads
and the other things that we want it to
do so
it's a good mindset to be in to every
piece of content
that you're creating to be intended to
get more referrals because it's the same
principles it's like
they ask you answer kind of things like
i'm answering questions that my sales
team has said
our prospects are having i'm creating
video
i'm collaborating with other awesome
people like you
and those types of things all still help
the cold lead generation too
got it got it so which brings us on to
the next topic pretty nicely so in terms
of um
and like you said i'm just to say i'm
sure a lot of people tuning in and
thinking when they
have those initial conversations or
discovery calls with prospects or
clients
it's it's a thing you often hear right
like you you ask kind of what are you
doing to generate business right now and
they might say word of mouth or existing
customers or referrals
and that does you're exactly right tend
to be the thing that comes up
but that's that's definitely an
interesting point when you do ask what
are you actually doing to wrap that
to increase that i imagine most people
when they hear that i think
hmm probably not a lot actually maybe
it's very weird and it's like you know a
lot of people it's 80
90 percent of their i think ours is 62
and i'm proud of that because we have so
much
just like you guys have a lot of
business from google search
and so i'm proud that it's not that
crazy high even though we get a lot of
referrals
um i think that at the end of the day i
i want to touch on a couple things that
increase referrals just as principles
i do think the tighter your niche the
more money it spits
so just an easy way to remember like if
you're going after
niches it's way easier to refer you
business
like it's very difficult to refer
somebody business that does everything
that has all of the specialties and that
serves
all of the kinds of clients but let's
say you're a pavement company for
for instance sure if you only do
commerci you know business parking lots
it's a little bit easier to remember
that company and
it's a little bit easier to choose the
types of people that you should be
collaborating with on content so it's
not only thinking of every piece of
content that you do
by yourself but also like who should we
collaborate
with on this that also owns the audience
and sometimes that means they have a lot
of followers in that niche which i do
think can be really cool
and like on social media and you can do
a video with them but also
who has the relationships so if there's
like a
you know association that all the the
people that make the choice around
uh parking lots if they're an
association that they're part of
why are you not part of that and maybe
collaborating with the the association
there's a lot of old world this is like
it's funny because you know you and i
are very digital
and a lot of you know millennial
businesses that they grew up on the
internet so
the vibe is always it's if it's not on
the internet it doesn't exist
and i think a lot of people need to kind
of like break themselves out of that and
say
what if we just went to the organization
the association what if we went to the
people that have the personal
actual in-person relationship so it's
just kind of thinking of it more on the
sales side i'm going to create
content collaborate with people on the
sales side and i think that's new for
some younger people
and i think for me uh that has been a
big shift this past
year that i didn't do before and that's
just because i grew up on the internet
and everything
like like i said i'm guilty of all those
things sure
and that that first point to him i love
so tightening the niche so it's or the
niche so it's easy for people to refer
so and i i can completely get that so i
can imagine
if you're like maybe linking back to
your example and you're you're a builder
and you perhaps say look we do windows
we do conservatories we do gardens we do
driveways we do all this stuff
and your existing customers probably
just thinking like this is so much stuff
to remember yeah how am i going to
refer to you whereas if you can just say
one specific honed thing
then i i guess that just sticks in their
mind so if they do meet someone or talk
to someone that needs it they can
refer you straight away right exactly
and
it's funny because you think that you're
gonna cut yourself off from other
business
but you don't really it's just being
known for one thing
is the first base
you know like being known for one thing
just so that they know
these types of projects are great for
that company i do think
obviously i do think that there is an
opportunity
to tighten up your processes like if you
really did
constrain yourself to only certain types
of specialties
and customers that you can tighten up
your processes and that's another
discussion
but even just step one is just making
sure you are known for one thing at
least
the thing is is when we're trying we're
trying to be known for everything
it's very hard to get known for it's
it's hard to get known
without being known for one thing that's
just something weird about the human
brain
it seems to respond when you when you
have a very specific
thing like think about okay do you guys
have
maybe you don't then i'll give you the
full thing do you guys have jimmy john's
in the uk
we don't okay i'm not sure they i'll
give you a quick
like this is an example us example but i
think it's a good one
they they do sandwiches it's like a
sandwich shop okay
and they they're they call themselves
freaky fast
freaky fast delivery and the funny thing
is is like
that has nothing to do with the
sandwiches but like that's
one thing they just they zoomed in on
one thing that their customers cared
about fast
and they're just that's it the same
honestly the sandwiches aren't even
i mean the jimmy john's folks out there
if there's a jimmy john's
uh marketing professional out there but
the sandwiches aren't even that crazy
good but they're freaky fast
and you do remember that and it gets
stuck in your head so like
knowing that human brains are weird
you can own either one term one niche
one something
in their heads everything it's it's hard
if you try to be known for if they were
trying to be
freaky fast soft bread and like the best
cheese it's too much it's too much like
i'm not gonna remember that
and to be honest it just sounds like
everything now like
so just remember that whole thing you
sound generic
when you try to be known for everything
and that goes for like
your point of differentiation and the
niche
yeah no i i really like that tim so
moving this forward
giving the audience a tangible strategy
so they can start getting referrals
do what's the next step do we now start
thinking about putting content together
or we've got to do a bit of research
what do we do or do we jump straight in
to start crafting content to build
referrals
what's the next step in the framework i
think it's a blend of two things one you
got to know who to talk to
right who else owns the audience that
you're trying to talk to
who who owns their attention so whether
it's an influencer in that market
whether it's another business
that let's say talks to those customers
all the time
so those are those that's one big piece
i gotta find
people that also talk to these people
all the time
i say also because you're probably you
know a lot of the people we're talking
to they have customers already let's say
you've got
10 customers and they've got 10
customers collaborate together
and then i think being a good referral
partner is also
a a big piece of this i refer a lot of
business
out and i also like i'm focused on
if i want to prime the pumps with the
with another business if they own that
audience
i'm going to try to refer business to
them in a way that they see
right yeah hey you should join this
organization
hey you should talk to these people hey
i'm going to connect you by
email so that's one way then
include them in your content do a video
together do a blog post
um basically find them and then
collaborate with them so and you
probably already know some but let's
collaborate with them more let's do more
video with them let's do more content
with them
and then the other component is you do
want
people to listen and watch this content
right
so you have to build your audience and i
think a good way to do that
is by making sure that you are talking
about topics
that your ideal customers care about and
one of the best and easiest ways to do
that and this might be
review for some of your audience but
just a reminder is just
hey listen in the sales process what
questions are your ideal prospects
asking on a regular basis and
writing those things down especially if
they come up twice especially
if you don't if people ask the same
question
three times in the last month and you
don't have a piece of content on it on
it
i think you're wasting your own time
because you keep on answering this
question in detail you can just send
them the blog post or send them the
video
so having good topics is the other
really important piece here we need we
need to collaborate with people on blog
posts and videos
that are that also own this audience's
attention
and we need to have good topics and we
need to get better at creating great
topics that people are actually going to
tune in for
and yes it does matter you do want to
get as
experts you want to get people that have
done this previously you want to
you want to get people that also know
how to create content that's a hard part
because i can collaborate with somebody
but if they're
not used to creating content you know
what i'm saying like let's say
i wanted to go after this hypothetical
pavement company
and i i went for the organization that
works with pavement companies but then
like i'm talking to their director and
they don't know how to create engaging
content
you can't just go and dry
with these folks that are not used to
doing this
you kind of have to find people that
also are creating content
so that's a hard part like i said i said
that that's what it's going to ask so
yeah
it'd be great to break this down tim for
anyone that's completely new to this
in terms of so you you mentioned
something at the start of this
chat who who actually owns the attention
of your target customers the people you
want to sell to the people you want
these juicy leads from
for these projects that we want to be
closing deals with so
how do we go about perhaps you can share
an example of something you've done or a
story or something
um how do we go about finding these
people that do own the attention
and then as you were alluding to just
then how can we actually
strike up a conversation with them how
can we
outreach to them with something that's
going to be of value rather than just
another cold email on their inbox that's
going to piss them off
um and yeah how can we get our
conversation started
and this this is another reason why the
niche is beautiful to have a niche
because i think part of it is anything
digital
is very easy to ignore but if you show
up at their or and i know this is
coveted times but like
previous decoded times going to trade
shows
and i think you know hopefully soon
maybe six months nine months from now
going to trade shows shaking hands
getting on a name you know you know each
other's name basis
with people um and that's
that's why the niche is almost like a
prerequisite here to like you have to
choose a niche because
i you know i'm talking about going to
niche trade shows like for instance for
a marketing company
to go to the marketing company
uh trade show or you know i mean like
show is not gonna necessarily be that
effective because
you're just talking to a bunch of other
people that you know want to talk to
marketing agency i'm talking about like
whatever niches are are you know most
lucrative for you and if you're a
let's say a construction company or
something you need to get
around the homeowners you need to get
around the people that
um own that audience so i do think it's
basically like in person
is the best to be real like and that's
something we're all
see here's the deal this is i i need to
preface this with
i am not an in-person guy i am a very
on the internet guy i love the internet
and i love marketing
and sales scares me so
that's like everything i do if i go to
this trade show it's terrifying and like
somebody you're sitting there across
the table from somebody and
they can just reject me outright and
they'd they had
they did and it like it's scary
and but ultimately i went to the trade
show with the mindset of
i'm going to meet and shake hands with
referral partners
not i did have a booth but what it
really matters is meeting and shaking
the hands of referral partners so maybe
you don't even need a booth
maybe you just go to the booths and you
shake the hands of the people
they do send their they do send good
sales people there like let's say
let's say it's a software company that
you want to team up with
um you know let's say it's a
another tech company or something for a
marketing agency
try to try to get things that are
adjacent to you so like if you're a
fence company make sure that you're kind
of going to the landscaping you know
you know what i mean like make sure it's
kind of around you
you don't want it yeah exactly you don't
want it to be like
two or three notches away from what you
are
okay if you go too far away from what
you are then
there's never a obvious conversation for
the
them to have with their customer
about you guys so if you're let's say a
kitchen remodeling company and you're
talking
you're you know trying to talk to the
fence company about referrals that's not
going to work it has to be indoor
you know what i mean and then so
basically like
for anything outdoor you'd want to do
outdoor companies and collaborate with
all of them and for anything indoor
you'd want to do all indoor companies
and collaborate with them and for
marketing agencies
you want to go with tech companies not
necessarily like
i don't know that i'm going to get as
many referrals unless they're our
customer
from like actual um let's say
construction companies because that's
our niche but
got it so it sounds like from what
you've said there till we need to
understand
whether it's going to these events
whether it's going to these places our
potential
referral partners that are relevant to
what we do where where they're going to
hang out
so we can start some conversations with
them and i'll just say this i think
ultimately it comes down to so
you're trying to expand you know what i
mean okay actually you know what i'm
gonna just to
liven this up i'm gonna go into a dating
example because that's
sometimes that's easier to like get this
sure it's like
i remember what i would date i dated
online before i
found my wife and um but you know we met
online
but basically you were always trying to
expand this is a funny one but you're
always trying to expand a little bit
on what you had done so like if you're
in
um you're in the dating app you wanted
to expand it to facebook
and if you're in the facebook you wanted
to expand it to a phone call if you're a
phone call you wanted to expand it
you know what i'm saying like you want
to expand it from wherever it
is you don't want to get stuck in the
same little spot so for a referral
partner
you want to expand it to hey could we
get 10 minutes on a phone call
just to chat briefly about this like i
might have a referral for you
that kind of thing and ultimately you
want to actually be able to deliver on
that
and then hey i want to maybe do a longer
video chat so see how
we could be of service to you guys like
i i do go in this mindset with the
service
mindset and that's part of how why we're
doing content with referral partners is
because we have a service mindset
how can we be useful to these guys and
then
so one-to-one conversation is i guess in
lieu of trade shows what i'm really
saying is how can you get in video chat
one-to-one conversations
and be useful to them you know like show
excellence
show i care about the customer be in
person
as much as in person as you can do if
it's a one-to-one video conversation
that's
as close as you get right because you
can have your expressions you can show
your
passion and you can ask them how hey how
are you guys being more useful to
customers right now considering kovit
and what else what are what are you guys
doing how could we
maybe we could be useful to your
customers in some way maybe
i can send you a couple people that
would be i i do
with the pretense also just learning
about them and what they do
and i think ultimately at the end of the
day you kind of have to
you have to be able to deliver on that
don't do that unless you really actually
have the intention of referring them
business but i think that that is a big
piece to it
and then expanding it outward to that
hey let's record some content together
and yeah i think that that's
one way to do it that makes sense so um
yeah strike up that conversation
obviously like like you said if it's now
it's got to be digital it's got to be
video it's got to be zoom whatever the
channel
you choose and yeah i like the like the
the dating analogy of growing it
so moving from one platform and
progressing the conversation over time
which is much like marketing where you
might go from an initial lead to phone
call to
uh discovery for call to presentation to
close whatever it may be
so moving this forward are there any
things we need to consider when it comes
to actually collaborating when it comes
to putting together this juicy content
and working together
to build content that's going to appeal
i guess to is it both of your audiences
because you want to do something that's
mutually beneficial
and ultimately to start these these
referrals from other channels coming in
to grow our businesses to grow ourselves
yeah and i think ultimately even if you
serve let's say
five kind of key niches or five key
specialties
i do think zooming in on one or two with
this content and focusing on a type as
tight of group as possible
allows you to be confident in what
you're saying because i'll be honest
like that's why
every time before one of these videos i
ask who who's listening
from your side like who is the audience
here because ultimately i'm gonna try to
speak to them as much as possible
you know we talked about the audience
before this and i just i'm kind of
talking with a with a persona in mind
i'm i'm talking to that person i'm
talking to you a little bit i'm trying
to be useful to you and then i'm trying
to be useful to that person that we kind
of talked about
and i want to be as useful as possible
to them and that is that intention
hopefully comes through
um i do think part of it is don't just
talk to as many people as possible
i think that ultimately what i want is
long-term referral partners right
i don't just want a referral from one
per you know what i mean like
as a small business owner and as
somebody trying to scale a business
at the end of the day what i want is 10
20 30 really good long-term referral
partners and that's the mindset you
should go into it with
not like i'm gonna do a one-off with
this person one off with that person
ideally at the end of the day you get
into some kind of
rhythmic cyclical thing
i said you know um from naval who's a
uh investor guy that's got some
great wisdom he said play long-term
games with long-term
people and i think that if you think
about that with your content strategy
it makes it easier it makes it easier
because let's you know if you're
i keep on using the home services stuff
so excuse me if that's not useful but
like
think about landscaper a landscaper
that's talking to the retaining walls
guy that's talking to the hardscaper
that's talking to the fencing guy
right you have these five referral
partners let's say
with other things and you're creating
once a quarter content with them
you're doing a video with hey this is
our retaining wall special
you know like every quarter we do this
retaining wall special
that's a good system that's a good
rhythm
you've got the video that you put out
you've got maybe a couple other pieces
of content that you do on social every
time
with that other company they know it's
coming
you know it's company coming another
smart person said
without habits everything is a decision
and a decision is tiring
you know we're trying not to tire
ourselves out as a business owner and as
a marketing professional
we're trying not to tire ourselves out
so as much as you could do
three months six six-month cycles with
these referral partners on the content
creation side
you you take off some of the stress
about like constantly expanding your
your network and you get down into that
we're in long-term
relationships with great people
like i think life is better when we're
in long-term relationships with great
people
we don't have to reinvent ourselves all
the time and
the same goes with content strategy and
the same goes with i mean
yes as entrepreneurs yes we have to be
constantly expanding our mindset
but once you find great referral
partners
figure out a way to get an encyclical
content creation
system with them yeah well that that
does make sense and certainly a
long-term game because as you
mentioned there tim it's not always the
easiest thing to to create with
new content new content constantly so i
guess if you've got a partner that can
help you out with that yeah that's
that's half the battle because i know
first
hand creating ideas whether that's for
our clients whether that's for the
podcast whether it's for web choice the
company
it's not easy whether it's linkedin
content youtube content whatever it may
be
off the top of your head is tough so if
you've got something to pitch in
and help you out and batch this content
and stream out over time it's definitely
half the battle done
so exactly and just to note on that is
like for instance like
we talk about leadership we talk about
sales we talk about
organization and culture those are not
things we sell
but like coming up with these kind of
shoulder topics to what you do
it makes it makes it all a lot easier
you
like this idea of i don't have to be
selling with every piece of content i'm
just trying to be useful to these people
is way easier way easier than
always selling always selling with your
content is hard
and you'll notice it doesn't get as
quite the reaction on
on social media that you want so being
in these other
adjacent shoulder topics as long as
you're
focused on being useful to that ideal
customer
it really frees you up mentally
cool so moving this forward in terms of
giving
some ideas and you touched on this again
a bit earlier tim
you mentioned perhaps talking to your
sales guys your sales team or if you are
the the business owner purely and you
run the sales as well
then coming up with the or working in
the questions that your customers often
ask you
yeah is that one of the best ways to to
look at content that you should be
creating
tim or their um is that is that one of
the core strategies or there are other
ideas
absolutely absolutely and part of it is
just
allowing marketing to
bleed over into sales and
i used to think that was kind of a i
mean
i guess maybe this is just me maturing
as a marketer over time
if if it's not creating sales it might
be a little bit of a waste of time like
what are you doing right now in your
marketing
that's not creating sales or it might
just be early
you know like you might be early in the
process
and it you know like we always kind of
have to think about the multi-touch
attribution
right like somebody saw a video on
linkedin then somebody saw
you know went to our website then
somebody saw a remarketing
image later that reminded them of our
brand and then they followed us on
instagram and then
two years later they became a customer
that's a weird story
but it's not unheard of right like and i
think
that is why also i do think sales people
it's old school but always asking where
did you hear about us
like hey give me a little like give me a
little story like this is kind of
interesting
you came across us you know like what
happened and then like
those and i hear those we we talk about
this every week in our
sales and marketing meeting you know
like and all of the touch points that i
hear
and yes remarketing is one of them that
i hear a lot and
um you know other ones are referral
partners like a youtuber that
talks to a lot of our customers like
that we've collaborated with
we hear those stories and then it just
confirms those points
that are in our stack but we're not
necessarily always just thinking
lead generation with every piece of
marketing that we put out i think that
that's a big mistake that a lot of
people do just every if it doesn't
create leads it doesn't stay
but if it gets touched on on regular
kind of
people always say this i saw this
reminded me of you if like people
say that in that story they give us it
just confirms it keep that keep that
keep that keep that
and then at the end of the day though it
shouldn't be they shouldn't all just
create leads all the time they just need
to remind
people of you and it's okay like
just think about you know i think it's
just empathy with the audience like
you i often like i went to yesterday i
went to
get a electric fence quote
electric fence for my dog and um
was that i hope the dog's still standing
yeah i haven't
elected yet yeah i do are those good
i don't know um my brother had luck with
one i don't know dude we've got a dog
he's mad he pretty much chews everything
in the house and chases our baby around
most of the time so maybe we should look
at one of those
yeah and i am very excited to check it
out but
hey tomorrow i might not be as excited
but if i see the ad it reminds me you
know i
i don't know i think remarketing is a
big one that people should be doing
um in conjunction with whatever uh thing
that they've got going on is their
primary thing but
just empathizing with people and
empathizing that they may not you're
you're the biggest deal to you you know
your
your business is really important to you
but for them it might just be like a
side note
right like our business is often a side
note for other people and it's okay
like it's okay to kind of be in their
face a little bit afterwards with
remarketing on facebook and google or
like
the google ad network to just remind
them the weeks after
they come to your website yeah yeah yeah
makes sense so
in terms of the in terms of what you
just said there to put a piece that all
together tim are you saying that
we shouldn't every piece of content we
put out shouldn't be focused on leads
it should be more trying to be as useful
resource to our target customers as
possible
yeah i honestly that's what i do
although i am
tired so i create a lot of content we we
create a lot of content
i didn't think that's how humans work
you know like i don't think
i i'm sorry but if a piece of content
one
single piece of content turned me into a
lead
i think that's super unusual i think
that's super unusual so
every piece of content i think i i just
want to display excellence and value
and then i do have call to actions on
our blog posts i do
nudge people in the direction of this is
the next step to remind them that's what
i want
them to do with our business but i don't
really
expect one piece of content to do that i
expect it to be like five touches
yeah that that's one thing i mean i'm
definitely all in on that on linkedin
and we're perhaps lacking that a bit on
our own blog for web choice because
maybe we focus on our clients too much
um but certainly when it comes to
creating content on the youtube on the
linkedin i'm
pretty much trying to give away
everything i know and then i might put a
call to action
in the comments or and maybe the bottom
some of the posts but
like you say tim it's it's very very
rare that someone will come
straight to you saying i've seen this
one thing i've seen something usually
it's like
if it's content related i've been
following you for x many months or i saw
x
y z or i loved your video and your post
on this
yeah it just doesn't seem to happen
where someone will just come for one
piece they'll usually say i've been
following you for a while i've been
looking at your content for a while
unless it is
that they've come through a paid ad or
they did search for you straight away
because they had that high intent that
urgency and they're ready to move on
right away
exactly yeah i mean it's all about like
know and trust
right like it's i'm gonna do business
with somebody i like no trust
i'd almost rather have that business
than somebody that was created off of
one piece of content
if they're created on one piece of
content i'm like can i deliver it's like
they
really liked me for that one people you
know like um
i have had that i just like i got a
couple flashes of a couple customers
that we got from one piece of content i
was like that is unusual i mean it's
happened
um but dang that was some good content
right
oh one of them for you just note for you
not for you
was like showing the back end of our
websites like to show what it's like
editing them because a lot of customers
have that problem with
can't edit their own content so just
showing the back end of our website's
created business for us
just turning that inside out this is
what it would look like to work with us
i think a lot of people can get that
principle like they turn your business
inside out show what it would be really
like on the back end show the
the danglies on the inside of the
sweater and you'd be surprised a lot of
people are just happy
for authenticity and they they want to
work with people that are real
so you'd be i mean i just think people
would be crazy surprised if they started
showing more of the intern
the internal parts of their business and
and how much people relate to that like
that
yeah and this is all really useful
useful stuff tim so
to wrap things up as we're coming to a
close just um any any final tips when it
comes to
creating this content thinking about not
necessarily driving leads straight away
but building that awareness building
those referral partners any
any final tips or notes that people
should consider or something that's
going to help
people tune in really kind of get a
grasp and understand what they should be
including in these contents
any takeaways just be thinking long term
think a niche and know that
a three of these could be all of your
business that you need for the next year
so it can be a major gold mine and
having three
could do it like so get started on this
try it and unders just kind of go with
that in mind not
not that every single conversation you
have needs to be that you need to be
nice no matter what
but then like know that once you find
three of these that are really good
these good referral partnerships you
might need you might not even need
marketing anymore and you're just doing
it for fun
i do so much of our marketing for fun i
don't
i mean i don't i feel like if i let this
sit there would be leads coming in in
our business for the next six months and
that wouldn't be that you know
but ultimately i do it for fun i i know
like i think
people that find marketing fun do better
like i think that's a good good way to
think of it try to have fun
try to have fun while you're doing it
yeah nice lovely tip
exactly i completely agree if you can
find a way to to make it enjoyable and
it just helps so much right if you can
exactly your passion into it
good stuff tim really enjoyed the chat
tim thanks so much for coming on
and for anyone who wants to connect with
yourself learn more about yourself or
your business
please do tell us how we can learn more
and get in touch with you
yeah so we work with a lot of
contractors smart contractors hook
better leads
with hook agency.com hook agency all
over social media
simple as that and we'll put all the all
the links for tim's company over in the
show
episode notes at business growth dot
marketing and with that tim i'd like to
thank you once again for coming on the
show really enjoyed the conversation
absolutely man thank you so much for
having me cheers dude if you enjoyed the
show
be sure to hit subscribe for business
growth show wherever the heck you get
your podcast from we interview business
leaders each and every week
to provide actionable tips across
marketing across sales
all the goal to help you grow your
business and grow your sales revenue and
with that we'll catch you
on the next episode